Hmm is that you
That's right.
I forgot to tell you that we've been together for a long time
People are real money
Not like you impostor
How many years ago did you say what your eyes were like before?
How could you fall in love with this kind of stuff?
Blame me for being blind
Fortunately, you showed up in time.
Let me stop the loss in time
We have long since divorced
So you've been with him for a long time
Yes, sister.
You married Brother Jingnian back then
My dad hasn't gotten me back yet
Gave you a lot of dowry
I heard that Brother Jingnian caught your card later.
You only agreed to go to bed and leave the house
Ah, you don't know yet.
That duck
It's my sister, I personally chose it for you, hahaha.
It's actually you. Now you have been kicked out of the Song family
I was dumped by the police again
I'm afraid so.
No man will want you as a piece of junk, right?
Hahahaha
Hey, if no man wants you
I can introduce you
There is rags in the west of the city
I just received your junk, hahahaha.
Don't bully my mommy
Yo mommy
This Ono
Could it be that you gave birth to that duck?
Zhaozhao is my son, don't meet him
Your son doesn't even know who his father is
I belong to the small wild species
you
How dare you hit me?
I'm not a little bastard
I had a new world yesterday.
You are not allowed to talk nonsense
Little thing you are courting death
Say it